7937-low-latency-ce-matches (#5632)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: drivers/hmis/app/models/hmis/ce/README_FOR_CHANGE_MARKER.md

The change tracking system addresses the performance challenges of full reprocessing by implementing an incremental update mechanism. Instead of re-evaluating all clients and candidate pools whenever data changes, this system identifies only the records that have been modified ("dirty" records) and processes them in batches.

This is achieved through a versioning system managed by the `Hmis::Ce::ChangeMarker` model and two specialized self-scheduling background jobs that continuously process these changes in parallel for optimal performance.

### Core Components

- **`Hmis::Ce::ChangeMarker`**: A polymorphic model that tracks the state of other records (currently `GrdaWarehouse::Hud::Client` and `Hmis::Ce::Match::CandidatePool`). It uses `current_version` and `processed_version` to determine if a record is "dirty."
- **`Hmis::Ce::ProcessPoolsJob`**: A self-scheduling job that processes dirty candidate pools on the long-running queue. It uses per-pool advisory locks to coordinate with the client processor.

> - **`Hmis::Ce::ProcessClientsJob`**: A self-scheduling job that processes dirty clients on the default queue for fast updates. It uses non-blocking per-pool locks to coordinate with the pool processor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`Hmis::Ce::ProcessPoolsJob`**: A self-scheduling job that processes dirty candidate pools on the long-running queue. It uses per-pool advisory locks to coordinate with the client processor.
- **`Hmis::Ce::ProcessClientsJob`**: A self-scheduling job that processes dirty clients on the short-running queue for fast updates. It uses non-blocking per-pool locks to coordinate with the pool processor.
```
Clarify that ProcessClientsJob runs on the short running queue?
